Update security docs to address outdated cryptographic defaults, broken samples, and weak recommendations (#53164)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/network-programming/tls.md

This article explains how to enable the strongest security available for the version of .NET Framework that your app targets and runs on. When an app explicitly sets a security protocol and version, it opts out of any other alternative, and opts out of .NET Framework and OS default behavior. If you want your app to be able to negotiate a TLS 1.3 connection, explicitly setting to a lower TLS version prevents a TLS 1.3 connection.

> If you can't avoid specifying a protocol version explicitly, allow only TLS 1.2 or TLS 1.3. Prefer TLS 1.3 when the operating system and peer support it. For guidance on identifying and removing TLS 1.0 dependencies, download the [Solving the TLS 1.0 Problem](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=55266) white paper.

Reviewer: perhaps something along the lines of "allow only NIST approved TLS versions which at time of writing this document are TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3"

- In your application configuration file.
- **Or**, in your application in the source code.

> By default, .NET Framework 4.7 and later versions are configured to use TLS 1.2 and allow connections using TLS 1.1 or TLS 1.0. Don't rely on those older protocols. Configure WCF to allow the OS to choose the best security protocol by configuring your binding to use <xref:System.Security.Authentication.SslProtocols.None?displayProperty=nameWithType>. You can set this on <xref:System.ServiceModel.TcpTransportSecurity.SslProtocols>. `SslProtocols.None` can be accessed from <xref:System.ServiceModel.NetTcpSecurity.Transport>. `NetTcpSecurity.Transport` can be accessed from <xref:System.ServiceModel.NetTcpBinding.Security>.

Reviewer: I'm not certain this is true because IIRC TLS 1.3 says that if both side can talk TLS 1.3 they MUST talk TLS 1.3 and IIRC we did add support for TLS 1.3. Possibly more generic statement will be better here. @bartonjs ideas?

Reviewer 2: The recommendation is correct: Set your protocols to None, which SslStream interprets as "no preference, do whatever the OS says".  And that's as far of an opinion as this document should have.

Reviewer: Yes about recommendation, comment was about `By default, .NET Framework 4.7 and later versions are configured to use TLS 1.2 and allow connections using TLS 1.1 or TLS 1.0.`

#### Switch.System.Net.DontEnableSchUseStrongCrypto

> A value of `false` for `Switch.System.Net.DontEnableSchUseStrongCrypto` causes your app to use strong cryptography. A value of `false` for `DontEnableSchUseStrongCrypto` uses modern network protocols, such as TLS 1.2 and TLS 1.3 when available, and blocks protocols that are not secure. For more info, see [The SCH_USE_STRONG_CRYPTO flag](#the-sch_use_strong_crypto-flag). A value of `true` disables strong cryptography for your app. This switch affects only client (outgoing) connections in your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A value of `false` for `Switch.System.Net.DontEnableSchUseStrongCrypto` causes your app to use strong cryptography. A value of `false` for `DontEnableSchUseStrongCrypto` uses modern TLS versions, and blocks protocols that are not secure. For more info, see [The SCH_USE_STRONG_CRYPTO flag](#the-sch_use_strong_crypto-flag). A value of `true` disables strong cryptography for your app. This switch affects only client (outgoing) connections in your application.
```

Don't mention versions if you can help it, that way we don't have to come back in a few years and debate "should this 'and 1.3' also include 1.4 now?, or was it point-in-time?"
